AI artificial intelligence it's taking
the headlines you're seeing it
everywhere but what's more interesting
is what we'll cover here today you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you in today's video we're going to
look at what powers AI this is something
that I've been talking about recently
privately and now I can extend this out
into the YouTube world I hope that
you'll sit with me here for a moment as
we look at the energy behind artificial
intelligence your friend Billy G had
something to say as well as Sam Altman
and others where we talk about big
Tech's latest obsession is finding
enough energy the AI boom is fueling an
insatiable appetite for electricity
which is creating risk to the grid and
the transition to cleaner energy
solutions of course that's what the
article is about anyway but there's
something here in this Wall Street
Journal article that I want to touch on
first of all you can see right here AI
execs who urgently need more energy to
power their Tech Revolution or turn into
fossil fuels of course if they need
energy they're going to get it from
wherever they can AI is driving a
massive demand for electricity despite
earlier commitments some Executives now
say that clean energy may not meet ai's
growing needs and that could force AI
companies to rely more on Foss fuels
than they hoped this okay you can read
that and you could say okay great
whatever but I understand here there's a
play in artificial intelligence you
could be investing in that okay fine so
what do people get they get the nvidias
they get the
smci they look at it maybe as a
Microsoft play fine but what about the
energy behind it people don't even
realize how important that is and
there's another way to be looking at
artificial intelligence right you cannot
have it if we don't have enough compute
so if you watch a recent podcast with
Sam Altman he said that he believes and
Sam ultman of course being the the head
of open AI okay so they're kind of like
at the Forefront of all this artificial
intelligence and what he said was
compute could be the most important
commodity in the world the most
important thing and that basically just
talks about the you know computer
calculations and in order to get lots
and lots of calculations to happen we
need some sort of energy so we got to
have data centers we got to cool those
data centers the entire thing needs to
be processed on these really power
hungry computers and so in order to do
that well we're going to have to not
just be able to access it but access it
at a cost that makes sense so yeah you
might be able to get that but if it's a
billion dollars for just a small thing
no not yet or it'll be done in this very
limited scenario the longer it takes to
get there of course the bigger the delay
but the faster we can get that energy in
we can do more compute now stick with me
here we're not getting all fancy on the
jargon I promise I'll do as best I can
to make it uh real easy now Billy G had
some things to say uh and we'll talk
about that here every March thousands of
execs take over Downtown hotel they talk
about oil and gas deals how I go over
their plans to tackle climate change
this year though was all about
artificial intelligence so we had more
than 20 Executives from Amazon and
Microsoft speaking on panels and they
were talking about AI insatiable
appetite for electricity so understand
the people that control all the
information and everything that's going
on today including those at Amazon and
Microsoft and all these people they're
talking about this one thing energy as
it relates to AI there's a play in that
as an investor keep that in mind but I'm
interested in this just to see all the
little things fall into place Finance
Friday I would love to talk about this
with you my finance Friday Crew Live
we're going to talk about this uh but
you got to pay attention to this um here
now okay well as I cover it it isn't
clear just how much electricity will be
required to power an exponential
increase in data centers worldwide but
most everyone agreed that the data
center sensors needed to advance AI will
require so much power that they can
strain the power grid and stimulate the
transition to clean your energy so just
focusing on the first part of that we
have a strain on the energy grid look if
the AI wants the power what's going to
happen you got to pay more you got to
pay more all right they're saying AWS
said that they uh the world adds a new
data center every 3 days these are huge
things it's not something that you put
your you know underneath your desk all
right Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates
told the conference that electricity is
the key input for deciding whether a
data center will be profitable and that
amount of power AI will consume is
staggering so those two things there the
energy input is the deciding
factor that's the deciding factor okay
and so keep that in mind this this is
huge and it doesn't matter who it's
coming from really all right but this is
the truth that energy needs to come at a
more
affordable cost more affordable and if
they go to you know um let's just say
it's coal right they need to use coal
well what's happening now is they might
say okay well you can do the coal but
you're going to have to pay this
pollution fee this you know Carbon fee
and so you have to pay that what does it
do it increases the cost costs and now
business is more expensive so you got to
watch out with that now what they have
been saying all along what what Sam
timman from open AI has been saying is
that what they uh would love is nuclear
nuclear is going to be the one that they
can say it is clean that they can do
these new reactors which apparently are
much much better than the old ones they
would be able to produce much more
energy there's just one issue that I see
here and that is if they say today which
it was not going to it's not going to
happen like that but if they were to say
today okay we want it it takes many many
years for them to build so we've got a
whole timeline there we're being told in
the next few years we're going to have
all this fancy things you know this
robot's going to put me to bed at night
and I'm going to have someone to Pat me
on the back when I do something good
yeah all that with artificial
intelligence robots but we don't have
the energy in order to actually get that
so there's a problem there okay so the
costs are too high there's no question
about that they have to start getting on
more energy now like look what did
Europe do they said oh oh we're too
reliant on all these pipeline we built
all that infrastructure coming from
Russia it's all built we we set up
everything we got the deals we got
everything now we cut it off they
haven't done anything to fix their
energy problem they just basically said
uh hi us can you bring it put it on
ships and bring it over to us that's not
really a good solution I mean it's great
for the US I don't see that a really
good solution but uh that's what they're
doing uh and Canada is just like
twiddling their thumbs the whole time uh
anyway
so basically what we have here is that
they need to use more energy who look if
they go nuclear who wins uranium wins
uranium is the big winner here you could
get physical uranium or you can get uh
uranium company that I talked about
before and the I'm not you know telling
you what to get but camoo happens to be
uh the biggest accessible company all
right and I've been talking about them
since this this whole situation since
2020 not for AI but just basically
saying you know all these governments
they're saying they need more energy
they need it cheaper they need it
cleaner this is what they could suggest
all right we are not going to build 100
gaw of new Renewables in a few years
you're kind of stuck okay so those are
the quotes coming through here this is
exactly what I've been talking to you
about and so you could see it right now
coming from the the big boys as they
might say okay so just keep that in mind
uranium's 22% and by the way Spartan if
you're listening uranium's 22% price
plunge is bottoming out on nuclear
future we don't know if that's actually
the case but here it is is okay
uranium looking at a
potential um bottom is that the bottom I
don't know I'm not um you know there
that's what Bloomberg's telling you but
the point is that it's going more of it
is going to be needed and we're in this
issue where they're saying well you know
they haven't you know made it official
like hey we need the stuff now let's
start building let's start digging let's
start making it happen we're not in that
phase yet so it's a big worry especially
for the next few years and of course
change ahead Saudi aramco CEO says
energy transition is failing World
should abandon the fantasy of phasing
out oil now he has a reason to say that
but it's important to note that you
can't just get off of something that the
whole world is dependent on is the most
important commodity so trying to cut it
out is is a dangerous policy in fact and
will increase the prices that people pay
of everything trying to phase it out too
fast eight states are planning to ban
the sale of gas powered cars
entirely eight states California of
course being number one that is that's
crazy there's no question about it
that's less than 10 years we could see
that or in this case here for for
California it's actually
2035 so you know just over 10 years in
that example um multiple States not all
states will probably
uh go this route however uh who knows
what the federal government will do and
they will impose some level of Taxation
or whatever the point is you will have
the restriction on what you can do what
you can say and where you can move let's
say it was all it's a okay but you
wanted to go into California oh no you
can't you're driving a gas powered
vehicle oh but no you're going to avoid
that right well watch this world's first
ever Global emissions tax takes a step
closer to reality Global emissions uhoh
so you want to buy a product of any kind
well now there's going to be a hidden
tax on that product because it got
shipped to you and that creates
emissions so you think you're going to
avoid it oh yeah that's right I'll just
I'll just stay where I am I'm in my
state my state doesn't charge me oh no
but they're going to squeeze that on
mhm and what about this you work in
Manhattan
and you live outside Manhattan because
Manhattan's ridiculously expensive oh
but don't worry because there's going to
be a $15 toll to drive into part of
Manhattan it's been approved that's
first for US cities so you want to cross
over into an intersection suddenly
you're just going to have to get out of
your car and just abandon it because you
don't want to pay the $15 toll this is
what's going on on all levels do you see
they can restrict you one way or the
other think about all of those people
that this is going to tax do you think
for a second that a billionaire having
to go from you know where he's driving
from the Hampton got to drive in uh
into
Manhattan do you think he cares about a
$15
toll absolutely not absolutely not who
cares though it's that worker who just
lost an hour or two or whatever you know
whatever is getting paid I say an hour
of work because he had to pay that toll
to come into work now of course if
you're doing if you're riding the bus or
whatever but imagine I could just
imagine the traffic and all that this
this is crazy the way that this is
happening I mean look at what's going on
you can see it you can see the writing
on the
wall it's not even on the like this this
is out in our face now the restrictions
are coming already
it's not some sort of future thing like
I'm telling you this like I've been
talking about since 2011 they're already
starting to implement it we are seeing
more and more restrictions the health
care that you get the access to you know
infrastructure in general it's all being
taken away and the price of everything
is going up you need to be prepared you
need to understand this at a deeper
level I talk about the pillars of
prosperity there are two that is
increasing your income and that is
self-sufficiency do one or the other or
preferably both do what you can you can
search the money GPS pillars of
prosperity and you'll get that video
where I talk about it in depth you could
see my website the money gps.com where
I've got all kinds of information and
there's a link right at the top of the
description for anybody who actually
wants to get their stuff sorted out like
if you're that person if you just want
to be what do they call it like a you
know armchair type of person um and just
sit back on it yeah just just watch the
videos that's great but if you actually
want to resolve things and you want to
get your situation to be better then
Link at the top of the description and
actually get on with it let's do it I
want to see you on those live sessions
hit that thumbs up button to support
this Channel and as always I'll see you
tomorrow take care